[Music]
Hey guys how are you doing?
Well I hope you're having a
spectacular weekend. The other day I made
a video about this topic but I didn't remember
to add the information that should go
in this video and I think it's quite
relevant. Okay, it's about the ugly accusation
that Paloma Garcia Pelayo made against the daughter
of Jose Antonio and Gloria Mohedano and she
insinuated in a very direct way
that Antonio David and his daughter, I don't know
the girl's name because the girl
doesn't belong to the media, that her daughter
belonged to,
had a secret relationship. Also,
Paloma Garcia said what to call them
and the two maintained a
secret relationship and surely that night
in her face she'll say that she wasn't referring to
a romantic relationship. We
all know that they've loved each other for a long time,
above all things, the
worst, like Antonio Davis, we've
experienced this many times when they
try to destroy the image of a man,
not only do they label him as an
abuser but they sort of put
a whole package on him and insinuate him with
other things, non-violent, aggressive, bad
person, thief  chorizo
and if it can be to insinuate things about minors
and such, I'm not already alive as well as
a few months ago with a cover of readings they
also insinuated that Antonio David
could have had an affair with Gloria
Camila and the truth is that it's a little
repulsive because of what
these people are trying to do and what happens is that
simply with the relationship they have
with the good relationship they
still have with that family and with that part
of the family because also their
daughter Rocío Flores has a friendship a
friendship does not have a friendship does not have
a family relationship quite close
with these people well this girl was in
charge of managing
David's network while he was on
Big Brother VIP it couldn't be the other
person there was no other person who
could be Olga even with the business
Rocío Flores defending the dishes
Gloria Camila also on TV and
doing her things and her moves and her
studies
this girl kept track of him there's
nothing wrong with it I mean it's not what there is
when there is a good relationship I don't
see it I don't see what's strange but also I
forgot to add a  What
Marín said you have it here on the screen and it is
that these girls can't like it, they ca
n't like Antonio David, I don't know
if it is understood, what I understand that he
says is that Marina is like the
girls, well, they like it, she likes the
girls, okay, it's okay to say it, there
's nothing to hide, yes, it's
true that she is an anonymous person but
well, I don't think she will get angry because
Marina said this and nothing, family,
lamentable, lamentable, these people no longer
have limits, they cross any type
of limit and if there were, well, they would
also be missing, say what you
think about this, I will be reading you,
I send you a big hug and I'll see you
later, a family hug
[Music]